hey guys how's going tobe here welcome
back to a brainy video here on my
channel instead we have another pack
opening for you guys we got some all 25
k-pax there's another 15k back and the
rest are some 7.5 k-pax if you missed
yesterday's video where we got an
in-form in a pack I shall leave it in
the description or you can just simply
go back to my channel and have a little
watch now before we do get started if
you're looking for a place to get some
coins for yourself check the link in the
description for the fifa shot doc are
you ka really grow site and AP is the
code so be 10 you get a discount for
every single one of your orders at the
checkout which is fantastic so I'm gonna
open up the first 25 k pack and I just
one of these yesterday and you saw the
one that had the inform in it but these
25 k-pax the one that are in the gold
section of the store I don't really see
the point let haven't seen that good i
know that players so many of the players
are non rare and obviously there aren't
any expensive non rare players it
doesn't happen and it's really difficult
to get your money's worth from these 25
capex once all right are a little bit
better but i think the only good
promotional packs really are the hundred
k pass because they're all rare all
players and the job you getting on the
decent are pretty good like they're not
bad at all and 100k packs are out now
until sunday 6 p.m. gmt which is pretty
cool and i shall be opening those
tomorrow as a big thing I think
hopefully I'm going to be doing a
million coin pack opening tomorrow which
would be awesome I'll open 200k packs
because I've got two accounts so I might
as well get 200 k out of the way and see
if we can have some luck and get a team
of the year just before it finishes
because the plan is I'm good to stream
in the afternoon around maybe two or
three ish open up all the packs and then
turn it into a video for the youtube
channel which you're watching this on by
the way of course and then that would be
absolutely also so i can get stream done
and then you can guys can watch it with
me I leggett vide done as well which we
absolutely awesome so hopefully we can
have some luck tomorrow as well and I
think the plan is just to open 100k
and then go for these 7.5 maybe maybe a
couple of 25 case just to get another
way because it does burn through them
quite quickly which will obviously make
it much more enjoyable for you guys to
watch now the plan is to obviously go
through the entire thing on the live
stream with the video i plan on making
it will probably be the highlights of
the best bits the best packs the most
interesting ones and then you guys can
see it in like a little four or five
minute video because to be fair i think
a million coins worth of pax is probably
going to take me a good hour and a half
two hours so i don't even know we'll
have to see tomorrow if you want the
link to the live streams it's literally
down below in the description you can
follow and I should be streaming
tomorrow because I'm hopefully going to
get hold on a load of coins I never
could do a big old pack opening would be
awesome really excited for the hundred
game packs that's a decent like in the
before I've never got a ten year plan
ever I've got some team the seasons i
think in fifa 13 I got maybe like seven
team and seasons by the way when this
happened when I so please fax from very
excited because for some reason I
thought meh seals and very much paying
attention go big size money Mascherano
but anyway I think it's gonna take a
fairly long time but I've got a few tuna
season by never ever got a team of the
year card so hopefully hopefully I'll be
able to grab one tomorrow in the 200
k-pax I open would be awesome but let me
know how you guys have done have your
open 100k packs have you got anyone
decent and a couple of people that have
got Team of the Year Thiago Silva and
I'm credibly jealous but look at how
much is going for I can't believe how
cheap is I was like whoa that's like a
million coins definitely like minimum I
looked and Thiago Silver's going for
like six hundred thousand coins which
for achieving the Year play that's
pretty crazy like last year 5013 pretty
much everything was over a meal for a
little while and then it did dip under a
meal but not by much not why what you
till now 600 k that's ridiculous for a
94 rated defender with the incredible
stats that Thiago Silva had so I find it
really no way you guys think I think
it's pretty crazy how cheap some of the
players are in general on this paper but
that does wrap up this video very nicely
hope you have enjoyed it if you have dry
it's a like and subscribe for the
million coin pack opening tomorrow and
join us on the live stream would thank
you so much watching guys take care have
an amazing day and goodbye